README.md, before:

InstagramViewer
===============
by Damodar Periwal

The following user stories have been completed:

- User can scroll through current popular photos from Instagram
- For each photo displayed, user can see the following details:
     Graphic, Caption, Username 
     (Optional) relative timestamp, like count, user profile image, location

The following advanced optional user stories have been completed:

- Advanced: Add pull-to-refresh for popular stream with SwipeRefreshLayout
  
<b>Issue:</b> 
pull-to-refresh works properly in an AVD with API level 16 but hasmemory problems in an AVD with API level 19.

<b>Third-party libraries:</b>
The following third party libraries are used in this project under their respective licenses:

     android-async-http-1.4.6.jar
     picasso-2.3.4.jar

Used Iconmonstr to create icons for watch and a heart sign.

Walkthrough of all user stories:

![Animated Walkthrough](DamodarInstagramViewer1.gif "Animation that shows the working of the app in an emulator")

GIF created with [LiceCap](http://www.cockos.com/licecap/).

Commit message:

Added more advanced features
Added following advanced features:
- Show the profile picture in a circular area (works on a device but not on the emulator)
- Show comments count and maximum of two comments

Created a new Video walk-through gif file DamodarInstagramViewer2.gif

README.md, after:

InstagramViewer
===============
by Damodar Periwal

The following user stories have been completed:

- User can scroll through current popular photos from Instagram
- For each photo displayed, user can see the following details:
     Graphic, Caption, Username 
     (Optional) relative timestamp, like count, user profile image, location

The following advanced optional user stories have been completed:

- Advanced: Add pull-to-refresh for popular stream with SwipeRefreshLayout
- Show the profile picture in a circular area (works on a device but not on the emulator)
- Show comments count and maximum of two comments

  
<b>Issue:</b> 
pull-to-refresh works properly in an AVD with API level 16 but hasmemory problems in an AVD with API level 19.

<b>Third-party libraries:</b>
The following third party libraries are used in this project under their respective licenses:

     android-async-http-1.4.6.jar
     picasso-2.3.4.jar
     com.mikhaellopez.circularimageview.CircularImageView
     
Used Iconmonstr to create icons for watch and a heart sign.

Walkthrough of all user stories:

![Animated Walkthrough](DamodarInstagramViewer2.gif "Animation that shows the working of the app in an emulator")

![Animated Walkthrough](DamodarInstagramViewer1.gif "Animation of an earlier version that shows the working of the app in an emulator")

GIF created with [LiceCap](http://www.cockos.com/licecap/).
